# COBOL-SALES PROGRAM
  This program is used to take multiple input files and then preform various operations such as sorting, modifying, and data validity checks. This program begins by opening the declared input files, then it will access each file and manually check the data and sort it, if there are any bad records found, the program will remove the record and store it in a seperate file. Once this is done, the program will add the record into a master file that lists all records. The program will do this for each file, and at the end will have a master file that has all correct data merged from the input files and a bad-data file that contains bad entries.
  
  This program then goes creates a formatting style and then uses the master data file to fill the format created. This program will then expand and work with the data provided to then give a sales report for the user and the provided input files. Three example input files have been provided which can be used to show how the information is laid out and how the program reads it. These three example files are for a salesman and the inventory he has at 3 different warehouses. Although there are only 3 provided files, this program can still operate with more or less files, as long as changes are made to the INPUT-OUTPUT CONTROL, listed under the ENVIROMENT-DIVISION, to accomodate the input.
  
  This program includes the report formatting in the code and prints using the built-in format. Changes can be made to this format to modify the report output. This program implements a table-search and a lookup method to expand information provided from the input files. If the information cannot be found, the program will default and output "INVALID" alongside the information that has thrown the error. The table-search can be modified to have greater information stored for further operations.
  
   This program uses multi-level controls breaks to operate and perform the tasks it is written for. This program also implements a counter that will display upon console after executing to inform the user of any bad data entries and how many were detected during operation.
